_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

change profile section, still too formal

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Computational Software Engineer - Geophysicist @ <a href='https://www.linkedin.com/company/geoseismal/'>Geoseismal Research Center</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>Magelang, Indonesia</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Full-time computational software engineer experienced in geophysical signal processing, geophysical computation, geophysical inverse problem, data collection (web scraping), and software development. I've been rocking it as a developer for over 3 years, diving into scientific software (think signal processing and cool modeling stuff) and also rocking the general software scene (yep, web development too). 🚀💻

Skilled in Python and its libraries like SciPy, NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Obspy, Django, Django REST Framework, Holoviz Panel, Bokeh, BeautifulSoup, and Pytest. Proficient with software development tools and automation using Git, GitHub, Gitlab, Gitlab CI, Github Actions, and Taiga. Familiar with GIS principles and software such as QGIS, ArcGIS, Cartopy, LeafletJS, and knowledgeable in web technologies like HTML, CSS, Javascript, and ReactJS.
